Upgrade integration to arm64 (#4)
logzio/logzio-okta: README.md

For more information about mounting files from root directory click [here](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/osxfs/#namespaces).

##### Parameters

| Parameter                                                 | Description                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| LOGZIO_TOKEN <span class="required-param"></span>         | Your Logz.io account [token](<(https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/general)>).                                                       |
| LOGZIO_LISTENER_HOST <span class="required-param"></span> | Logz.io [listener URL](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html) to ship the logs to (for example, listener.logz.io). |

##### Check Logz.io for your logs

Give your logs some time to get from your system to ours,
and then open [Kibana](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/kibana).

## Versions

> 0.1.2:

Reviewer: Since we did quite an update to the logstash version, let's bump the version from 0.1.1 to 0.2.0

Author: Updated in next commit

> - Changed logstash.conf routing
> - Updated version logstash version to `docker.elastic.co/logstash/logstash:7.16.1`
> - Changed yaml handler from `ruamel.yaml` to `pyyaml`
> - Implemented `pyyaml` to the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed logstash.conf routing.
- Upgraded Logstash version 7.16.1.
- Changed yaml handler from `ruamel.yaml` to `pyyaml`.
- Added ARM support.
- Upgraded image to use python3.
```
